sdk step by step examples (#124)
lidofinance/lido-ethereum-sdk: examples/Examples.md

> # Examples

Reviewer: Overall the provided examples have no problem statements to solve :warning: 
Might be just particular cases but still should be formulated in a way 'Example X. How to achieve Y using Z'

Description of the operation of some cases of using the SDK with code examples.

## Rewards

> 

Reviewer: The provided examples are useful to establish robust accounting for the stETH rebaseable token, learn more about [rebases](https://docs.lido.fi/contracts/lido#rebase) and suggested [reward attribution](https://hackmd.io/@lido/rewards-attribution) approaches.

- [Calculation with subscribe for the Rebase event](rewards/README.md#subscribe-rebase-event)

> - [Calculation based on a specific (last) event](rewards/README.md#last-rebase-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Example 2. Get rewards accrued with the latest stETH token rebase for the chosen account](rewards/README.md#last-rebase-event)
```

> - [Calculation information about rewards by on-chain](rewards/README.md#calculating-rewards-from-on-chain-without-calculating-using-the-formula)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Examples 3. Retrieve reward history for the chosen account using the event logs (recommended)](rewards/README.md#calculating-rewards-from-on-chain-without-calculating-using-the-formula)
```

> - [Calculation information about rewards by Subgraph](rewards/README.md#calculating-information-about-rewards-from-off-chain-without-calculating-using-the-formula)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Example 4. Retrieve reward history for the chosen account using the Subgraph indexer (alternative way)](rewards/README.md#calculating-information-about-rewards-from-off-chain-without-calculating-using-the-formula)
```
